source/products/regexmatch/index.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: "RegexMatch"
date: 2012-11-13 10:36
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
---
### RegexMatch ###

[{% img right http://i.imgur.com/HpF1A.png %}](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/regexmatch/id578617071?ls=1&mt=8)

{% img left http://i.imgur.com/s2JWp.png %}

Develop and test regular expressions on your iPad.  Create your expression and automatically generate code in any one of several languages.

{% img http://i.imgur.com/twrlA.png %}

#### Intelligent syntax highlighting ####

Regular expressions (regex's) can be tricky to create.  Longer expressions, in particular can be difficult to read.  That's why we incorporate syntax highlighting into RegexMatch.  

{% img http://i.imgur.com/Yjy8B.png %}

Just like Xcode or any other IDE, RegexMatch highlights your regex as you type.   It also checks the for valid syntax as you go, so that you can always tell if you have a valid regex.

#### Snapshots ####

Developing regular expressions often involves some trial and error and you think up variations in the cases that need to match.  You can use Snapshots to store expressions, sample text, and options for later use.  You could also use Snapshots to store commonly used regex snippets for later use.

#### Snippets ####

The standard iPad keyboard isn't exactly regex-friendly which is why we added snippets.  Snippets are regex fragments that you can add to the expression under development.  We classified them into common categories to make them easier to find and insert.

{% img http://i.imgur.com/ezGN9.png %}

#### Generate and export code ####

You can use RegexMatch to generate code for you once you've defined the expression.  Right now, we support Objective-C, Perl, Python, Ruby, PHP, and JavaScript.  Let us know if there are languages that you would like to see but aren't currently supported.

#### Availability ####

{% img left http://i.imgur.com/HpF1A.png %}
RegexMatch is [available](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/regexmatch/id578617071?ls=1&mt=8) on the iOS App Store. On your iPad you can open the App Store app and search for _"RegexMatch"_ or you can go to the App Store in iTunes on your Mac or PC and search for _"RegexMatch"_.

#### Support ####

Do you already use RegexMatch for iPad and [need support](/products/regexmatch/support.html)?

Commit message:

RegexMatch now available for the Mac.

source/products/regexmatch/index.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: "RegexMatch"
date: 2012-11-13 10:36
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
---
### RegexMatch ###

[{% img right http://i.imgur.com/HpF1A.png %}](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/regexmatch/id578617071?ls=1&mt=8)

{% img left http://i.imgur.com/s2JWp.png %}

Develop and test regular expressions on your iPad.  Create your expression and automatically generate code in any one of several languages.

{% img http://i.imgur.com/twrlA.png %}

#### Intelligent syntax highlighting ####

Regular expressions (regex's) can be tricky to create.  Longer expressions, in particular can be difficult to read.  That's why we incorporate syntax highlighting into RegexMatch.  

{% img http://i.imgur.com/Yjy8B.png %}

Just like Xcode or any other IDE, RegexMatch highlights your regex as you type.   It also checks the for valid syntax as you go, so that you can always tell if you have a valid regex.

#### Snapshots ####

Developing regular expressions often involves some trial and error and you think up variations in the cases that need to match.  You can use Snapshots to store expressions, sample text, and options for later use.  You could also use Snapshots to store commonly used regex snippets for later use.

#### Snippets ####

The standard iPad keyboard isn't exactly regex-friendly which is why we added snippets.  Snippets are regex fragments that you can add to the expression under development.  We classified them into common categories to make them easier to find and insert.

{% img http://i.imgur.com/ezGN9.png %}

#### Generate and export code ####

You can use RegexMatch to generate code for you once you've defined the expression.  Right now, we support Objective-C, Perl, Python, Ruby, PHP, and JavaScript.  Let us know if there are languages that you would like to see but aren't currently supported.

#### Availability ####

{% img left http://i.imgur.com/HpF1A.png %}
RegexMatch is [available](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/regexmatch/id578617071?ls=1&mt=8) on the iOS App Store. On your iPad you can open the App Store app and search for _"RegexMatch"_ or you can go to the App Store in iTunes on your Mac or PC and search for _"RegexMatch"_.

RegexMatch is also [available](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/regexmatch/id582049745?ls=1&mt=12) on the Mac App Store.

#### Support ####

Do you already use RegexMatch for iPad and [need support](/products/regexmatch/support.html)?
